the velour tracksuit yes there's jlo
with the velour baker boy hat on as well
paris hilton
classic paris hilton with a tiny dog and
a velour tracksuit
and pastel colored flip-flops jt
it's a punchy look that one isn't it wow
so you just got out of bed there and see
i think that's such a bad thing to say
push your hair
she's got the one leg up one leg down
yeah and a sock
so that's missy elliot at the grammys
did you have a
velour track suit rachel no i was stuck
a few years behind which was
if you remember this the all saints
combat khaki
earth colours vest top yes that's
scenario spaghetti
strap first
[Music]
[Applause]
don't be shy just come
yeah but i think it was for i think the
cool kids were doing this
yeah but i was never one of the cool
kids okay i mean it's so not cool when
you look back
it's horrible it's so
it's disgusting though really
comfortable in that way quite
forward thinking in terms of like you
know working from home
exactly yeah stay comfortable but look
awful
hideous but edible
[Laughter]
um so at the time juicy couture
literally
almost overnight went from 35 million to
70 million
in sales off the back of this bunch of
swan and around in there
how much was the velour accent then i
think they were around
like they were quite expensive i want to
say 150
quid kind of really if it was the juicy
ones
that was an adidas one obviously but the
juicy couture ones were pricey and they
had little swarovski crystals on them
wow and you would wear that out to go to
uh
wherever you wanted nigel you could wear
it whatever you want right okay
i feel like the velour tracksuit had a
lot to do with the accessories that you
wore with it as well like a medallion
which are great and the trainers and
those little
sort of fluffy baker boy hats as well
one of those
did you have one really nice really nice
still got it
no it will come back you know i hope so
i
no i hope